RabbitMQ: Add deprecation notice (#375)
astarte-platform/astarte-kubernetes-operator: docs/documentation/pages/administrator/020-prerequisites.md

In the end, you won't need to create NGINX ingresses yourself: the Astarte Operator itself will take
care of this task.

> ## RabbitMQ (deprecated)

Reviewer: I'd suggest to do as we do with Scylla (below): list it as an external prerequisite, then reference the deprecated possibility of having it managed by the operator

In the end, you won't need to create NGINX ingresses yourself: the Astarte Operator itself will take
care of this task.

> 

Reviewer 2: Do not add extra lines :) Same at the end of this section.

> ## External RabbitMQ

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## RabbitMQ
```
Having an external rabbitmq is not a requirement. We both support in cluster and saas solutions.

For production environments, consider using RabbitMQ deployed by the [RabbitMQ Cluster Operator]
(https://www.rabbitmq.com/kubernetes/operator/operator-overview) or any other managed solution that 

> you prefer. This is due to the fact that RabbitMQ managed by the Astarte Operator is deprecated 
> starting from v24.5. Futher details can be found [here](https://github.com/astarte-platform/astarte-kubernetes-operator/issues/287). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you prefer. The Astarte Operator includes only basic management of RabbitMQ, which is deprecated since v24.5 and as such it should not be relied upon when dealing with production environments. Futher details can be found [here](https://github.com/astarte-platform/astarte-kubernetes-operator/issues/287). 
```

In the end, you won't need to create NGINX ingresses yourself: the Astarte Operator itself will take
care of this task.

## External RabbitMQ

For production environments, consider using RabbitMQ deployed by the [RabbitMQ Cluster Operator]
(https://www.rabbitmq.com/kubernetes/operator/operator-overview) or any other managed solution that 
you prefer. The Astarte Operator includes only basic management of RabbitMQ, which is deprecated since 
v24.5 and as such it should not be relied upon when dealing with production environments. Futher details 
can be found [here](https://github.com/astarte-platform/astarte-kubernetes-operator/issues/287). As such, 

> it should not be relied upon when dealing with production environments.

Reviewer: Remove the "As such...", it's now a duplicate of line 48
